hey guys I've been getting so many
requests on what I do with my hair and
how i style it even people in the
streets come up to me and ask me about
it so I figured I just make a video for
you guys you're welcome oh my breath
stink my breath stinks today I'm going
to show you that Abby braids I'm ivy hi
Bobby step one is to divide your hair
into three exactly even sections I need
my him Kourtney and Khloe like the
Kardashians first I put Kim in between
Kourtney and Khloe because she always
gets between them Khloe is the outsider
you have to put her in the middle this
time you get that and this bitch ain't
is dark is I
Kim Kourtney Khloe Kim Kourtney Khloe
Kim make sure you have a hair tie ready
make sure it kind of goes with your
outfit because if you don't your slut
your slut this is my
come on well guys I do like tic tacs
drink from Mitch's bout